Create author_ponnusamy.txt (#528)
DLR-AMR/t8code: doc/author_ponnusamy.txt

> I place my contributions to t8code under the FreeBSD license. Prasanna Ponnusamy (prasanna.december17@gmail.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I place my contributions to t8code under the FreeBSD license. Prasanna Ponnusamy (Prasanna.Ponnusamy@dlr.de)
```
